# The Value of Learning

# Welcome, your presence and participation is valued here. Come as you are.

## A Conversation about learning the Age of Information.

This project is place where we, the Clojure Community, can document our conversation and code relating to a 'conversation' I have proposed for [Clojure Remote 2017](https://clojureremote.com/).

The core topic is Remote Learning.

If you're interested in learning more, please see the file [notes.org](https://github.com/webappzero/cr17-to-zero/blob/master/notes.org) in the root of this project. I'll be blogging about this topic frequently at [webappzero.com](http://webappzero.com).

My best,  
Jay  
@webappzero

## Usage

Installation:

After you `git clone` this repo to your local system, `cd` into the root of the repo and run `npm install`. Then run `npm start`.

I'm using the jaysky.scss them file. If you make changes to a theme file that you're using, you'll want to run `grunt css-themes`.

I'm using emacs org mode to write my outline. Then I export the outline to reveal.js slides with org-reveal.

This is a very nice workflow compared to keynote or powerpoint. Many thanks to Hakim El Hattab, author of Reveal.js. Imagine, anything you can do with a web page, you can now do with your presentation. 

Org mode is an awesome outlining tool which makes it super nice to move headings up or down and all around. Spacemacs is a nice way to get started with org mode. Thanks to all the great folks there for your help!

I'm using spacemacs, which comes with org-reveal pre-installed. In emacs run the function `org-export-dispatch` and then `Shift R` keys twice to export to an html file.

Then run `npm start` and node will fire up and detect changes (you might have to kill previously started instance as it will fight over port 8000).

My theme contains a webcam component. I'm using a mac. My video feed is super slow at first, but when I open photo booth, or any program that accesses the camera, voila, the frame rate smooths out to 60 fps. I have no idea why, but it works for now.

*************************************

Please submit any ideas, topics, questions or comments you may have by creating a topic folder within the [ideas](https://github.com/webappzero/cr17-to-zero/tree/master/ideas) folder in the root of this project, wherein you and I can discuss your ideas. I'll keep an eye out for your Pull Request.

If you prefer, we can discuss you idea face to face in an online meeting or over the phone, just [schedule a meeting with me](https://calendly.com/jaymartin) and I'll reply with a link to our meeting.

Presently, this project only contains notes, not working software, but that might change soon.

## License

This project is currently comprised of 2 distinct parts which have been commingled for the sake of immidiate convenience. They will be separated in the future. They are: 1) The Content (of the talk "The Value of Learning") and 2) The soure code for the popluar Reveal.js presenation library.

Regarding the License for 1) Content:

Individual Slides have copyrighted content, which is published herein with the consent of their copyright owner, e.g. Betty Edwards who generously shared the illustrations of her student's before and after self-portraits. We will designate such content with an "All Rights Reserved" notice, either visibly on the slide, or in an attribute visible when viewing the raw file. Check there to *not* redistribute someone elses intellectual property.

This project aims to be an open data project. Any data collected through surveys will be made public for the benefit of all interested people or machines.

The themes, layouts, design are all open content and may be freely copied.

All content not marked "All rights reserved" is content generated by Jay Martin. This content is public domain. Please use it to learn and teach.

Regarding the Licence for 2) Reveal.js:

Copyright (C) 2016 Hakim El Hattab, http://hakim.se, and reveal.js contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.



