# How to make a red pill

So you want to include a _redpill_ style element in a slide?

### An overview

The essence of a redpill is the same as a standard part of any given slide. It can be revealed as a fragment (`(roll-in fadein)`, etc...) or rendered standardly, without any fancy animations. What makes a _redpill_ a _redpill_ is a combination of CSS style and JS-driven dynamic content creation.

There are two pieces to a Redpill, both of them .png images. 

__The first__ is the contextualized _red-pill_ image. Options for these are currently:
- red-pill-twitter-white.png
- red-pill-link-white.png
- red-pill-form-white.png
- red-pill-github-white.png

Each of these is a basic redpill image (red-pill.svg.png) that has been overlaid with the relative context icon.

__The second__ is the QR code, which generated on the fly by checking a data-attribute property of the associated slide.


### In action!

```markdown
** Audience Participation
:PROPERTIES:
:reveal_extra_attr: redpill-img-src="/resources/images/red-pill-github-white.png" qr-data="https://github.com/webappzero/the-value-of-learning"
:END:

- Hello,
- I'm just normal bullet-pointed slide content.

#+ATTR_REVEAL: :frag t
file:resources/images/red-pill-github-white.png
```

How it works:

`:reveal_extra_attr:` tells reveal-org to use the following `key="value"` pairs as data attributes for the given slide. If one of the those data attributes is `redpill-img-src`, the custom JS will check to find an image in the slide with that same source. _If it doesn't find a matching image in the slide content with that same source, it won't do anything._

Once it finds the image generated by `file:resources/images/red-pill-github-white.png`, it'll do some calculations and apply custom CSS styles and set attributes to make that image _red-pill-ified_. 

The `qr-data=""` attribute determines where the QR will link to.

Also know:
- You don't have to `frag` a redpill image/QR.
- The redpill doesn't have to be a redpill, _it can be any image_.
- Linking to a pre-filled Tweet takes the form: `http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=@DRSB_Edwards teaching method is astonishing! I'm intrigued to learn more. &hashtags=valueoflearning`, where `text=` and `&hashtags=` are of note. There are other ways to customize the tweet content; explore them here [https://dev.twitter.com/web/tweet-button/web-intent](https://dev.twitter.com/web/tweet-button/web-intent).


#### And here's why
As a function of the custom JS I've written, each slide change event is checked to see if it contains certain properties. I use those variable properties to set red pills, toggle fullscreen video, and ensure proper custom CSS for elements that are hiding and showing on the fly, and so on.







